---
layout: post
title: Advances in Patient Reported Outcomes Research
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
This inaugural PROMs Conference is being held on Thursday 9 June 2016, hosted by:

- Professor John Brazier, ScHARR, University of Sheffield and NIHR CLAHRC Yorkshire and Humber
- Elizabeth Gibbons, Nuffield Department of Population Health, University of Oxford and NIHR CLAHRC Oxford
- Professor Jose M Valderas, University of Exeter and NIHR CLAHRC South West Peninsula
- Dr Georgina Jones, ScHARR, University of Sheffield

<!--more-->
Overview
In the UK there are many PROMS events. There are no national researcher led activities on methodologies around development, testing and use of PROMS in different contexts and settings. The aim is to bring together leading researchers to discuss cutting edge developments in PROMS research.  There will be three plenary sessions on ‘Realist synthesis’, using ‘Computer Adaptive Testing’ and ‘Wellbeing’.  The morning will comprise of sixteen parallel sessions which will be open to competition and posters; submissions from PhD and young researchers will be encouraged.


Venue
Thursday 9 June 2016 - Royal Victoria Hotel, Sheffield.

Plenary speakers
Realist synthesis – [Associate Professor Joanne Greenhalgh, Faculty of Education, Social Sciences and Law, University of Leeds](http://www.sociology.leeds.ac.uk/people/staff/greenhalgh)

Using Computer Adaptive Testing - [Professor Tim Croudace - School of Nursing and Health Sciences, University of Dundee](http://nursingmidwifery.dundee.ac.uk/staff-member/professor-tim-croudace)

Wellbeing - [Professor John Brazier - ScHARR, University of Sheffield](https://www.sheffield.ac.uk/scharr/sections/heds/staff/brazier_j)


Abstract submission open
Peer reviewers will be required - open to offers or recommendations.

Registration open
Fees £30.00 (free to PhD students).

This event has been sponsored by:

NIHR CLAHRC Yorkshire and Humber (CLAHRC Y&H)
NIHR CLAHRC Oxford
NIHR CLAHRC South West Peninsula (PenCLAHRC)
NIHR CLAHRC East of England

For further information please contact:

s.j.pye@sheffield.ac.uk